Change to product projection query (#699)
commercetools/commercetools-sync-java: docs/usage/PRODUCT_SYNC.md

# Product Sync

The module used for importing/syncing Products into a commercetools project. 

> It also provides utilities for generating update actions based on the comparison of a [product projection](https://docs.commercetools.com/http-api-projects-products.html#product) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It also provides utilities for generating update actions based on the comparison of a [ProductProjection](https://docs.commercetools.com/api/projects/productProjections#productprojection) 
```

##### Syncing from a commercetools project

When syncing from a source commercetools project, you can use [`mapToProductDrafts`](https://commercetools.github.io/commercetools-sync-java/v/4.0.1/com/commercetools/sync/products/utils/ProductReferenceResolutionUtils.html#mapToProductDrafts-java.util.List-)

> the method that maps from a `product projection` to `ProductDraft` in order to make them ready for reference resolution by the sync, for example: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the method that maps from a `ProductProjection` to `ProductDraft` in order to make them ready for reference resolution by the sync, for example: 
```

        .toCompletableFuture()
         .join();

> // Mapping from product projection to ProductDraft with considering reference resolution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Mapping from ProductProjection to ProductDraft with considering reference resolution.
```

##### syncFilter
It represents either a blacklist or a whitelist for filtering certain update action groups. 
  
  - __Blacklisting__ an update action group means that everything in products will be synced except for any group in
   the blacklist. A typical use case is to blacklist prices when syncing product projections. In other words, syncing
    everything in product projections except for prices.
  
    ````java                         
    final ProductSyncOptions syncOptions = syncOptionsBuilder.syncFilter(ofBlackList(ActionGroup.PRICES)).build();
    ````
  

>   - __Whitelisting__ an update action group means that the groups in this whitelist will be the *only* group synced in product projections. One use case could be to whitelist prices when syncing product projections. In other words, syncing prices only in 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - __Whitelisting__ an update action group means that the groups in this whitelist will be the *only* group synced in products. One use case could be to whitelist prices when syncing products. In other words, syncing prices only in 
```

### Build all update actions

A utility method provided by the library to compare a ProductProjection with a new ProductDraft and results in a

>  list of

Reviewer: sth wrong in here :D

Author: 1c834efd6
